So, let's discuss now what I would expect you to know before watching this
course. A basic machine learning background would be required.
It will help you easily make sense of many concepts
and things we are going to discuss.
Since we will use AWS environment to apply our experiments,
it would be handy to have a basic understanding of AWS.
I am not expecting a proficient level at all, just simple
things like IAM roles, S3 pockets,, concepts of regions, and so on.
Finally,
the course will be hands‑on based. That is, we will take a
dataset and make our hands dirty by playing on it.
I would highly encourage you to follow along while coding to get
the maximum out of this course. Sounds a lot? Not at all. Step by
step and with patience, and you will become knowledgeable with
exploratory data analysis in AWS.
It's important to mention that this course assumes a certain
level of familiarity of machine learning,
as I mentioned,
which is necessary, of course, to pass the AWS
Machine Learning ‑ Specialty exam.
If you are completely new to machine learning,
then I would recommend watching my course, Building Your First
Machine Learning Solution, that goes with you on machine learning from the very beginning, here at Pluralsight.